Added ADR and implementation containing multiple configuration API related changes (#47)
Breus/json-masker: adr/0002-masking-configuration-API.md

## Context

Before releasing version 1.x, we want to make the JSON masking configuration API as extensible as possible while
providing predictable defaults. The current API was influenced by performance considerations which no longer apply due
to certain optimizations done to the implementation. This resulted in a suboptimal API both in terms of extensibility
and in terms of default behaviour.

## Decisions

### Change the default masking behaviors for all JSON types

By default we
1. We will not make a masking decision based on type. 
    The main reason is that masking is explicitly requested by the user by specifying the target keys (either block
    or allow) and it would be unexpected that we do not mask an explicitly requested key because it's a number and 
    number masking is not enabled by default.
2. We will enable length obfuscation by default as length on its own might leak information about the original value.
3. We will mask all types into strings.
    This is done to keep masking consistent across types and to make it apparent that the value was masked (while `"***"`
    is a good indicator for strings, the `888` or `0` for numbers, or `false` for booleans is not)

> 4. We will use different masks for each original type in to keep information about the original type, the strings will 

Reviewer: Nit: remove `in` in ` type in to keep`

Author: ```suggestion
4. We will use different masks for each original type to keep information about the original type, the strings will 
```
FYI GitHub has suggestions feature (icon of file with +-)
<img width="309" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Breus/json-masker/assets/15277543/939db7d8-1b64-43a3-bf32-f48deac44a73">

Reviewer: Ah yes good suggestion. In Gitlab internally that doesn't work so I unlearned myself this 😋

    be masked as `"***"`, numbers as `"###"` and booleans as `"&&&"`.  

>     While this "leaks" additional information, that has only weak relation to original _data_, but more about 
>     implementation details and is more likely to be inferred by the key itself or be publically available.

Author: ```suggestion
    Keeping type information by default would be helpful when debugging and, while this leaks some information about original _data_, it does not leak the data itself, but rather an implementation detail about _how_ data is stored internally. That is likely to be publicly available (e.g. by providing an OpenAPI schema) or it would be possible to infer the type from the key itself.
```

> 5. The `null` type (value) will remain unmasked until someone requests it, providing a good reason.

Reviewer: Perhaps add that in this case it might be added as an **optional** feature (it won't affect the existing API)

Author: ```suggestion
5. The `null` type (value) will remain unmasked, but we aim to make the API extendable to be able to support that if someone requests it, providing a good reason. 
```

    
    public static class Builder {
        ...
        public Builder disableNumberMasking() { ... };
        public Builder maskNumbersWith(String) { ... };
        public Builder maskNumbersWith(int) { ... };
        public Builder maskNumberDigitsWith(int) { ... };

        public Builder maskStringsWith(String) { ... };
        public Builder maskStringCharactersWith(char) { ... };

        public Builder disableBooleanMasking() { ... };
        public Builder maskBooleanWith(String) { ... };
        public Builder maskBooleanWith(boolean) { ... };
    }
} 
```

Current [JsonMaskingConfig](../src/main/java/dev/blaauwendraad/masker/json/config/JsonMaskingConfig.java) will be changed 
to have a global per type configuration as well as per-key configuration:
```java
public class JsonmaskingConfig {
    private final Set<String> targetKeys;
    private final TargetKeyMode targetKeyMode;
    private final MaskingConfig defaultConfig;
    private final Map<String, MaskingConfig> targetKeyConfigs;
    
    public static class Builder {
        ...

        // mask mode

>         public Builder mask(String... targets) { ... };

Reviewer 2: Should we make the type of keys collection consistent with other `mask` overloads? That is, either use `Set` or `array` everywhere.

Author: @Breus any thoughts?

        public Builder mask(String target, MaskingConfig config) { ... };
        public Builder mask(Set<String> targets, MaskingConfig config) { ... };
        // hypothetical custom masker, most likely will be its own type instead of Function

>         public Builder mask(String target, Function<String | Number | Boolean, String> mapper) { ... };

Reviewer 2: Such custom strategies will be nice to have. The type of the function is a bit tricky point though. If we are going to apply the function to the found key, then the type should be `byte[] -> byte[]` for performance considerations as to avoid transforming byte arrays back and forth to strings. However, such typing might come accross as complex and not user friendly.

Author: You are correct. Those are good points, and both options are bad in their own way. I don't have a final idea here, thus, I only keep it theoretical right now, proving that API is extensible enough to allow that in the future.
One way to do it would be some functional inheritance, where internal function is `Function<byte[], byte[]>`, but we provide adapters between that and `Function<String, String>` (or other types). This way users have ability to sacrifice performance for nicer UX (arguably for most cases it doesn't matter)

Author: You are correct. Those are good points, and both options are bad in their own way. I don't have a final idea here, thus, I only keep it theoretical right now, proving that API is extensible enough to allow that in the future.
One way to do it would be some functional inheritance, where internal function is `Function<byte[], byte[]>`, but we provide adapters between that and `Function<String, String>` (or other types). This way users have ability to sacrifice performance for nicer UX (arguably for most cases it doesn't matter)
